scientists at Germany's Museum of
Natural History in Berlin have hatched
the world's first dinosaur at giving
birth to the world's first Jurassic
animal in over 100 meters years brought
about by a malfunction with the heating
system of the museum fir a gasosaurus
egg dating from the Jurassic period
ended up hatching the egg which was
believed to be petrified was preserved
in a small storage room situated right
next to the boiler room however when the
system started overheating a few weeks
ago it seems to have surprisingly
initiated the incubation process
bleeding the egg to hatch
since hatching the specimen has already
been transferred to the Berlin Zoo where
it can be studied in a secure
environment guntur bag paleobiologist at
the Museum said this is an incredible
opportunity for science
the gasosaurus is classified as a
carnivorous debtor and dinosaur of the
theropod family originating from China
it remained a mystery because all we had
to study upon were a few remains but now
we have a live one I feel like I'm in
Jurassic Park the movie a few facts have
already been made public concerning the
creature including its size and weight
it is said to be 41 centimeters tall
with the weight of 11 kilograms
established in 1810 Museum fur is the
largest Museum of Natural History in
Germany and its mineral collections date
back to the Prussian Academy of 1700
important historic zoological specimens
include those recovered by the German
deep sea vole diver expedition the
German south polar expedition and the
German Thunder expedition